{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;\csgray\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 # Bible-Text-Summarizer
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 In the fall of 2017 I took a class in Artificial Intelligence and for a portion of the final I wrote a research paper on Text Summarization. That Paper is attatched to this project.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 In the following break I wanted to start this project, the project is to be a search engine for a .txt file of the Bible. This can be implemented on my more things outside of the Bible. The vision is that the search engine will use text summarization in order to more "intelligently" choose the best result.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Currently the only thing that is implemented is the Text Summarizer, and it is not fully complete.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 The text summarizer will use three factors in order to calculate scores for each sentence to find the most important sentence by the best score. These are:
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 	Centroid-based vector\
	Positional Vector\
	TextRank\
\

\b \ul Currently:
\i \ulnone  
\i0\b0 I have implemented the Centroid based vector and positional vector. These do work, but the code is very unclean, and I would like to go through and make it run more efficiently.}